Add algob tests (#256)
scale-it/algorand-builder: docs/user-script-execution.md

    algob deploy // will run all the scripts present in scripts folder
    algob deploy scripts/script1.js // will run script1.js.
    algob deploy scripts/script2.js scripts/script1.js // will run script2.js and script1.js in given order

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Tests

> In algob, test files are JS files located in `test` directory and their purpose is to test the smart contract logic present in `assets` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In algob, test files are JS files located in `test` directory and their purpose is to test algorand smart contracts present in `/assets`. Check `@algorand-builder/runtime` package for more info on tests.
```

Reviewer 2: Why only JS files? What if user writes tests in `.ts` (eg. in `/htlc-ts`)
